Doc improvement related to requested claims consent (#2485)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/consent-management-with-single-sign-on.md

        [Consent management](../../learn/user-portal/#consent-management)
        .

    -   The application requires new claim that the user has

>         not consented previously. If the service provider requests
>         for any  claim values, the user will only be prompted to provide 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        not consented previously. If the service provider is configured to request
        for any  claim values, the user will only be prompted to provide 
```

WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Additional space before "  ****claim values" can be removed.

Author: Fixed https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/2485/commits/9c146abfa71e33920dee62e602ac38868c387825
